Hello, how are you? I am eric argueta for
cinemas in spanish and today I have the
first look at the alcatel one touch
first 2 is one of the android phones
4.4 more affordable in the market but
has some disadvantages the screen of
5 inches of 960 x 570 pixels
disappoints a little it looks opaque yet
when you increase the brightness also the
icons look blurry but the text is
see well enough to read has
a modern design with a matte finish
soft and it feels comfortable in my hands the
main camera is 5 megapixels with
flash and autofocus and record video from
720p high definition and front camera
is 0.3 megapixels a disadvantage is
that the photos that both cameras capture
they are of low quality as you can see
here are dark and blurry the
4g phone supports but also lte
the data rate is slow safe
you can play videogames
applications but you should have a little
of patience inside you have the
qualcomm snapdragon 200 processor
1.2 gigabytes of 4-core performance
of the processor seems appropriate for the
normal daily use the phone runs
anger kick to 4.4 and has applications of
google the alcatel one touch pierce 2
it costs 126 dollars without a contract it has 4
gigabytes of internal storage with
the option to add up to 32 gigs more
with a microsd card the alcatel one
touch pierce 2 is not the phone anymore
Novelty but the price is a point to your
please but I suggest you take a look
the motor of motorola costs a little more
but it has better camera performance and
screen for cinemas in Spanish I'm eric
argueta